# DIBaS-Dataset
As the web page listed in the original paper is down, we are (provisionaly) providing links to the files of the Digital Image of Bacterial Species (DIBaS) dataset. We do not own the rights of the data.

## Links to each specie (as the original web page):

- Acinetobacter baumanii: https://doctoral.matinf.uj.edu.pl/database/dibas/Acinetobacter.baumanii.zip
- Actinomyces israelii: https://doctoral.matinf.uj.edu.pl/database/dibas/Actinomyces.israeli.zip
- Bacteroides fragilis: https://doctoral.matinf.uj.edu.pl/database/dibas/Bacteroides.fragilis.zip
https://doctoral.matinf.uj.edu.pl/database/dibas/Bifidobacterium.spp.zip -- Bifidobacterium spp.
https://doctoral.matinf.uj.edu.pl/database/dibas/Candida.albicans.zip -- Candida albicans
https://doctoral.matinf.uj.edu.pl/database/dibas/Clostridium.perfringens.zip -- Clostridium perfringens
https://doctoral.matinf.uj.edu.pl/database/dibas/Enterococcus.faecium.zip -- Enterococcus faecium
https://doctoral.matinf.uj.edu.pl/database/dibas/Enterococcus.faecalis.zip -- Enterococcus faecalis
https://doctoral.matinf.uj.edu.pl/database/dibas/Escherichia.coli.zip -- Escherichia coli
https://doctoral.matinf.uj.edu.pl/database/dibas/Fusobacterium.zip -- Fusobacterium spp.
https://doctoral.matinf.uj.edu.pl/database/dibas/Lactobacillus.casei.zip -- Lactobacillus casei
https://doctoral.matinf.uj.edu.pl/database/dibas/Lactobacillus.crispatus.zip -- Lactobacillus crispatus
https://doctoral.matinf.uj.edu.pl/database/dibas/Lactobacillus.delbrueckii.zip -- Lactobacillus delbrueckii
https://doctoral.matinf.uj.edu.pl/database/dibas/Lactobacillus.gasseri.zip -- Lactobacillus gasseri
https://doctoral.matinf.uj.edu.pl/database/dibas/Lactobacillus.jehnsenii.zip -- Lactobacillus jehnsenii
https://doctoral.matinf.uj.edu.pl/database/dibas/Lactobacillus.johnsonii.zip -- Lactobacillus johnsonii
https://doctoral.matinf.uj.edu.pl/database/dibas/Lactobacillus.paracasei.zip -- Lactobacillus paracasei
https://doctoral.matinf.uj.edu.pl/database/dibas/Lactobacillus.plantarum.zip -- Lactobacillus plantaru
https://doctoral.matinf.uj.edu.pl/database/dibas/Lactobacillus.reuteri.zip -- Lactobacillus reuteri
https://doctoral.matinf.uj.edu.pl/database/dibas/Lactobacillus.rhamnosus.zip -- Lactobacillus rhamnosus
https://doctoral.matinf.uj.edu.pl/database/dibas/Lactobacillus.salivarius.zip -- Lactobacillus salivarius
https://doctoral.matinf.uj.edu.pl/database/dibas/Listeria.monocytogenes.zip -- Listeria monocytogenes
https://doctoral.matinf.uj.edu.pl/database/dibas/Micrococcus.spp.zip -- Micrococcus spp.
https://doctoral.matinf.uj.edu.pl/database/dibas/Neisseria.gonorrhoeae.zip -- Neisseria gonorrhoeae
https://doctoral.matinf.uj.edu.pl/database/dibas/Porfyromonas.gingivalis.zip -- Porphyromonas gingivalis
https://doctoral.matinf.uj.edu.pl/database/dibas/Propionibacterium.acnes.zip -- Propionibacterium
https://doctoral.matinf.uj.edu.pl/database/dibas/Proteus.zip -- Proteus spp.
https://doctoral.matinf.uj.edu.pl/database/dibas/Pseudomonas.aeruginosa.zip -- Pseudomonas aeruginosa
https://doctoral.matinf.uj.edu.pl/database/dibas/Staphylococcus.aureus.zip -- Staphylococcus aureus
https://doctoral.matinf.uj.edu.pl/database/dibas/Staphylococcus.epidermidis.zip -- Staphylococcus epidermidis
https://doctoral.matinf.uj.edu.pl/database/dibas/Staphylococcus.saprophiticus.zip -- Staphylococcus saprophiticus
https://doctoral.matinf.uj.edu.pl/database/dibas/Streptococcus.agalactiae.zip -- Streptococcus agalactiae
https://doctoral.matinf.uj.edu.pl/database/dibas/Veionella.zip -- Veionella spp.

## One link with all species:

1. [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1wCNmQMA3pdHeU1rTrHeLehqIYZ2rF_uy/view?usp=sharing)

## Special thanks to:

1. [Shahin Darvishpoor](https://www.researchgate.net/post/Does_anyone_have_a_copy_of_the_DIBaS_dataset)
